<h2><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Privacy Policy</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">This Privacy Policy statement is made by ADR Developer Inc consisting of all the entities listed here (collectively, &quot;ADR Developer&quot;, &quot;we&quot;, &quot;us&quot; or &quot;our&quot;). Our mission is to help people protect their privacy, data, and devices from threats.Data Monitor doesn&apos;t track you with ads or abuse your privacy. We ask for only the least amount of information necessary, gathering only what we believe is for the specific task at hand. We let customers know the information we have on them and allow them to opt out of specific engagements. We avoid the fundamental conflict of interest between gathering customer information and fueling advertising revenue, and the unavoidable compromises in customer privacy that it brings.</span></p>
<h4><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Network data</span></h4>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Your network and graph data stays on your device and is never sent to our servers. We could not see or collect your network or graph data even under a court order because we have no access to your network or graph data.</span></p>
<h4><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Why is Usage Access Permission required?</span></h4>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Usage access permission is required to gather data about app and network usage, without &nbsp;the core function of the app cannot be carried out and hence, would be useless. All such data collected stays on your device.</span></p>
<h4><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Why is Read Phone State permission required?</span></h4>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Data Monitor requires the &quot;READ_PHONE_STATE&quot; permission to get data regarding your mobile network. Without this mobile phone permission, it&rsquo;s impossible for our app to get your phone&apos;s data usage. All similar Android apps work the same way.</span></p>
<h4><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">How do we collect information?</span></h4>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">We collect information about you only if we need the information for some legitimate purpose. Data Monitor will have information about you only if (a) you have provided the information yourself, (b) Data Monitor has automatically collected the information, or (c) Data Monitor has obtained the information from a third party.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">If you provide us information about another person, or if another person gives us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Most of our information collection and processing activities are typically based on (i) contractual necessity, (ii) one or more legitimate interests of Data Monitor or a third party that are not overridden by your data protection interests, or (iii) your consent.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app</span></p>
<ul>
    <li style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">
        <p><a href="https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/">Google Play Services</a></p>
    </li>
    <li style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">
        <p><a href="https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en">AdMob</a></p>
    </li>
    <li style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">
        <p><a href="https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/policy/">Facebook Audience Network Policy</a></p>
    </li>
</ul>
<h4><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">What does Data Monitor use your information for?</span></h4>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To personalise your experience (Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs. For example if we notice a lot of users from France installing a Data monitor or visiting our website we may decide to add a French translation of our software.) To improve our service (We continually work to improve our service offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.) To improve customer service (Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.) To process transactions We may share your information with third parties who deal with secure transaction billing, for example a billing company or credit card company. We don&apos;t process transactions on our servers or store billing data there. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other features</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">At Bitroid, we take data security very seriously. We have taken steps to implement appropriate administrative, technical &amp; physical safeguards to prevent unauthorised access, use, modification, disclosure or destruction of the information you entrust to us. Some pages of our websites may contain links to websites that are not linked to this Privacy Policy. If you submit your personal information to any of these third-party sites, your personal information is governed by their privacy policies. As a safety measure, we recommend that you not share any personal information with these third parties unless you&apos;ve checked their privacy policies and assured yourself of their privacy practices. We do not intend to sell our business. However, in the unlikely event that we sell our business or get acquired or merged, we will ensure that the acquiring entity is legally bound to honour our commitments to you.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">We will notify you via email or through a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or in the uses of your personal information and service data. We will also notify you about any choices you may have regarding your personal information and service data. We make every effort, including periodic reviews, to ensure that personal information you provide is used in conformity with this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns regarding the security of your data, we encourage you to write to us at mail with any questions.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;"><strong>Links to Other Sites</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;"><strong>Children&rsquo;s Privacy</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to take necessary actions.</span></p>
<h4><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Terms of Use</span></h4>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">Thank you for using the Data monitor. To protect Data Monitor and our users we need this user agreement to set rules that are required to use our software. Data Monitor&rsquo;s free software is currently free to use for non-commercial use as long as you agree to our privacy policies. If you have found a bug or vulnerability in the Data Monitor software there are several ways to report the problem so we can fix it , we encourage you to write to us by mail. This Privacy Policy is bound to update without any prior notice.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;"><strong>Contact Us</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, sans-serif;">If you have any questions or concerns about ADR Developer Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us at<a href="mailto:divyeshrangani9601@gmail.com">&nbsp;divyeshrangani9601@gmail.com</a></span></p>
<p><br></p>
